Add prinicipal requirements to ClickPipes RPE doc (#3635)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/integrations/data-ingestion/clickpipes/aws-privatelink.md

Resource configuration can be targeted with a specific host or RDS cluster ARN.
Cross-region is not supported.

> It's a preferred choice for Postgres CDC ingesting data from RDS cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's the preferred choice for Postgres CDC ingesting data from an RDS cluster.
```

Do we also need to mention MySQL ?
